Update Bond Instruction Page (#11)
OlympusDAO-Education/Documentation: using-the-website/bonds.md

# Bonds

> Bonds allow users to buy OHM from the protocol at a discount by trading it with i) liquidity \(LP tokens\) or ii) DAI. Bonds take roughly 15 epochs to vest, and OHM tokens are vested linearly to the user over that period. LP bond helps the protocol accumulate and lock liquidity, while DAI bond allows the protocol to grow its treasury faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bonds allow users to buy OHM from the protocol at a discount by trading it with i) liquidity \(LP tokens\) or ii) DAI. Bonds take roughly 15 epochs to vest, and OHM tokens are vested linearly to the user over that period. LP bonds help the protocol to accumulate and lock liquidity, while DAI bonds allow the protocol to grow its treasury, and thus its RFV faster.
```

## How to Bond

#### LP Bond

1. Go to Sushiswap and add liquidity. If you do not know how to do so, there is a good guide on [SushiSwap documentation](https://help.sushidocs.com/guides/how-to-add-tokens-to-sushiswap-exchange-as-an-lp).

> 2. Head to [Olympus website](http://olympusdao.finance/#/bond). There are two tabs: "Bond" and "Redeem"; make sure "Bond" is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Head to the [Bond page of the Olympus website](http://olympusdao.finance/#/bond). There are two tabs: "Bond" and "Redeem". Make sure "Bond" is selected.
```

3. Type in the amount of SLP you would like to bond, then click "Approve" and sign the transaction.

4. After the "Approve" transaction has been processed successfully, click "Bond" and sign the transaction. Voila, you have purchased your first SLP bond!

#### DAI Bond

> 1. Head to [Olympus website](http://olympusdao.finance/#/bondai). There are two tabs: "Bond" and "Redeem"; make sure "Bond" is selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Head to the [DAI Bond page of the Olympus website](http://olympusdao.finance/#/bondai). There are two tabs: "Bond" and "Redeem". Make sure "Bond" is selected.
```

2. Type in the amount of DAI you would like to bond, then click "Approve" and sign the transaction.

3. After the "Approve" transaction has been processed successfully, click "Bond" and sign the transaction. Voila, you have purchased your first DAI bond!

> *Note: The "Approve" transaction is only needed when bonding for the first time; subsequent bonding only requires you to perform the "Bond" transaction.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: The "Approve" transaction is only needed when bonding for the first time. Subsequent bonding only requires you to perform the "Bond" transaction.*
```

Author: I thought semicolon is fine in this case as the two clauses are related to each other. E.g. I could add a "but" at the end of the first clause to link them together.

Author: @xh3b4sd still waiting for your reply ser

Author: Ok, i will stick with my original sentence then.

## **How to Redeem**

> On the same webpage that you used to purchase bond, select the "Redeem" tab. Click "Redeem" to claim all of your available rewards.

Reviewer: I would find it more useful to keep the link to the page. Referring to another section of the docs now may mean more cognitive load, especially if somebody is just looking for this section. Imagine you did not read the docs above but just want to get going with redemption.

Author: Agree, I would include the links.

> On the same webpage that you used to purchase bond, select the "Redeem" tab. Click "Redeem" to claim all of your available rewards.

Author: ```suggestion
Depending on the bond type, go to either [Bond page](http://olympusdao.finance/#/bond) or [DAI Bond page](http://olympusdao.finance/#/bondai). Select the "Redeem" tab. Then, click "Redeem" to claim all of your available rewards.
```

Reviewer 2: Would it be better to reference https://olympusdao.finance/#/choose_bond URL to make it more futureproof?

Author: ```suggestion
Go to [Bond page](https://olympusdao.finance/#/choose_bond) and select the bond type you have purchased. Select the "Redeem" tab. Then, click "Redeem" to claim all of your available rewards.
```

Reviewer 3: Small correction, you click "Claim Rewards" on the "Redeem" tab to claim your rewards.

Author: ```suggestion
Go to [Bond page](https://olympusdao.finance/#/choose_bond) and select the bond type you have purchased. Select the "Redeem" tab. Then, click "Claim Rewards" to claim all of your available rewards.
```

## Reading the Info

![](../.gitbook/assets/using-the-website/bonds/modal.png)

**Balance** is your balance of SLP tokens. This is the asset used to create a bond.

**Bond Price** is the price of OHM you get from bonding. You can calculate the bond price using the following formulae:

- SLP Bond: \(Value of your SLP token / OHM you'll get from bonding\)
- DAI Bond: \(Value of your DAI token / OHM you'll get from bonding\)

**Market Price** is the market price of OHM.

> **You Will Get** tells you how many OHM you will get from bonding the chosen amount of SLP or DAI tokens.

Reviewer: The addition after "you will get from bonding" is somehow confusing. I am not sure what the rest tries to tell me. What about just making it short? 

```suggestion
**You Will Get** tells you how many OHM you will get from bonding.
```

> **Debt Ratio** measures the total amount of OHM created from bonds that have yet to pay out. The debt ratio is calculated differently for SLP bond and DAI bond:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Debt Ratio** measures the total amount of OHM created from bonds that have yet to be paid out by the protocol. The debt ratio is calculated differently for SLP bond and DAI bond:
```

- SLP Bond: \(OHM created from unredeemed bonds / OHM total supply\)
- DAI Bond: \(OHM created from unredeemed bonds / OHM circulating supply\)

**Vesting Term** measures the period a bond takes to fully redeem. This number is in Ethereum blocks. 33110 blocks is approximately 5 days or 15 epochs.

> **Discount** is the difference between the bond price and the market price. In the photo above, bonding would give you a 10.63% discount versus buying the same amount of OHM from the market.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Discount** is the difference between the bond price and the market price. In the screenshot above, bonding would give you a 10.63% discount versus buying the same amount of OHM from the market.
```

![](../.gitbook/assets/using-the-website/bonds/modal_redeem.png)

> **Pending Rewards** is the amount of OHM you are entitled to from bonding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Pending Rewards** is the amount of OHM you are entitled to receive from bonding.
```

> **Claimable Rewards** is the amount of OHM that you can claim now. This amount keeps on increasing as OHM is vested to you over the bonding period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Claimable Rewards** is the amount of OHM that you can claim now. This amount keeps increasing as OHM is vested to you over the bonding period.
```

> **Full Bond Maturation** refers to the Ethereum block when the bond matures.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Full Bond Maturation** refers to the Ethereum block when the bond is fully redeemable.
```
